User Documentation and Getting Started (#114)
amosproj/amos2024ss07-updating-flash-boot-loader: Documentation/Getting_Started.md

- powershell: `call "WINDOWS_GUI.exe"`

### Bootloader

- extract the elf file from the latest release
- flash the elf file to the Aurix MCU
- the Flashing tool from the Aurix IDE can be used for this
```
C:\Infineon\AURIX-Studio-1.9.20\tools\AurixFlasherSoftwareTool_v1.0.8\AurixFlasher.exe -elf MCU_Aurix.elf
```
- or [build and flash it yourself](../MCU_Aurix/Readme.md) in the Aurix IDE

## GUI Walkthrough

- the Licences can be found in the upper left corner
- the GUI is separated in different sections: ECU, File and Communication

### ECU

- currently connected Microcontrollers are listed here in a table
- to refresh the currently connected microcontrollers, press the `refresh` button
- by selecting a row in the table a microcontroller is selected to perform all operations with
- for a selected microcontroller the current status is shown below the table: green means connected and red connection lost
- to reset the selected MCU press the `reset` button

> - to flash the selected MCU press the `flash` button
> - for flashing a file must be given through the file selection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for flashing a file must be choosed through the Flash File section
- to flash the file to the selected MCU press the `flash` button
```

> ### File
> 
> - press choose file and select a file for flashing in the file explorer
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Flash File

- press choose file and select a file for flashing in the file explorer
- the metada of the file are listed underneath, like version, validity, extension, etc.

```
